[Applause]
hello it's very good to see you how's
everything how's life life is very
exciting right now
Jumanji has just come out movie when I
was introducing you it's like you only
do humongous movies like you've really
have been in these you usually when
you're just starting out kind of it's
the opposite you look at indie stuff but
you're doing billion dollar projects no
I know it's it's such a weird thing like
everything is very big and franchisee
but I feel really excited to be involved
in things that people actually care
about and you probably like snacks on
the set and all the kind of stuff that
you really want when you're making a
movie is one of the perks is that for
sure
carrot sticks do they really puts carrot
sticks are they the kind of carrot
sticks that come from the supermarket
where they're like carrot sticks they're
grown as carrot sticks they're not even
yeah they were never even a carrot so it
must be fun to do these big movies
though where you're like fighting and
you know you do bear what you're worth -
Wayne Johnson and they you know it's
hard I never grew up doing any martial
arts and I'm like four strings of
spaghetti so like to to actually be
mastering martial arts is it's so weird
to me in wild that I think I can
actually do it now these are nunchucks
if you're wondering I see oh you learn
how to do nunchuck how long did it take
you to learn to do that without hitting
yourself in the face alright that having
a law and probably about a month or
something of just every day a month of
nunchucks for how long in the movie how
much time did it actually take probably
thirty solid seconds uh-huh and now well
give forward a hand and I'm not going to
because I don't have them I wish I had
thought of this in advance but if I were
to hand you nunchucks would you be able
to operate them yeah you'd think I was
Bruce Lee oh that's nice you could do it
a little bit parties yeah yes okay so
now Kevin Hart Dwayne Johnson they're
both here last week yeah would you do
you prefer of the to be honest
neither of them you don't like to meet
me Oh real really it's unbelievable
no wood you don't just hit him with the
nunchuck the nunchuck should have done
that yeah no no they just they make fun
of me a lot and they tried to
impersonate Scottish accents very badly
I see so that's the kind of environment
you're dealing with it I mean yeah they
sound like someone doing a bad
impression of Dick Van Dyke and Mary
Poppins
there's mull over that for a second are
you go it's funny because Americans we
didn't even know it was a bad
impersonation we didn't we didn't know
on the internet came and then everybody
told us like oh yeah Dick Van Dyke you
know how you love them and Mary Poppins
he was terrible in it yeah I still think
he was great in a it must be weird to
hear somebody doing yeah an accent that
is totally off yeah but then we don't
know we have no idea will you be going
home to Scotland for Christmas time yes
definitely back to Inverness and
Highland's next along it was huge family
right yes so I'm an only child but my
mom is one of eight and they all had a
million kids each and then they started
having a million kids each and so
there's like a giant extended family and
do they all do they congregate for
Christmas yes are you expected to buy
gifts for all of these people you are
not you did yeah at one point you're
doing it that's crazy well yeah because
now they're probably I go look now she's
a movie star we could get really good
gifts we're getting no gifts from God
they're probably thinking of really
stingy
oh no it's worse than that even it's
probably worse well because probably in
their lives a lot of people ask them
about their relationship with you and
then it's probably they're like oh yeah
she's great she gave me a rolling pin
for Christmas and now they're rolling
pin list I feel truly terrible that's
going on here maybe a big group gift you
can gather but you know pen yeah we're
like um like a pommel horse or something
I don't know what that well it's a
gymnastics thing and get up on it and
jump on it and it's kind of like yes
anything I need that yeah well you
should get yeah think about that what
and what is it what are the traditions
in Scotland as far as Christmas goes
like what do you eat there on Christmas
well I eat this is not just Christmas
but this is every single morning black
pudding
do you know what that is no does anyone
know what that is here okay two funds
who love black okay so I don't think I
can eat it anymore because I just
googled what it's made of
like before I came on stage and it's the
main ingredient is fresh pig's blood
fresh pig's blood how did the fresh pigs
feel about this so wait a minute here's
you've been eating this and you had no
idea that every mark now that I hear yes
I do I have heard some people call it
blood pudding right yes I think so yeah
no no why Wow she had no idea there was
pig's blood in the pudding no I I feel
like I'm gonna be sick right now yeah
what percentage of the pudding is the
main ingredient so a large percentage
I'm sure and then they cook it is yeah
there's old kissers oats and everything
in Scotland and then sausage meat are
they killing the pigs are the pigs
giving Miss blood that's not talked
about your parents here before and they
are characters right yeah my very
Scottish mother and my English father
mom is more of a character than dad I
would say so if she sounds like mrs.
Doubtfire she does yeah
did she agree with that assessment that
she sounds like mrs. Doubtfire of course
she does
if someone were to call her on the phone
they would think there was behind mrs.
Doubtfire that's pretty good actually
it's funny because growing up our house
phone was one digit off from a helpline
like for people suffering with thoughts
of depression and so we were to
constantly get these calls all the time
from people getting the wrong number and
my mom being like that was lovely so you
know she'd be like oh that's terrible
would you like to go to the bingo with
me
I'd like to end up like a bingo together
she'd actually go with like yes she
followed through with that and they went
to the bingo together and it's kind of
extraordinary actually no kidding
so she actually made she actively made
fresh depression hotline yeah well next
time you hear let's give her a call and
see if she helps us yes let's do that
okay
the movie is called you mangy the next
level it's the number one movie in the
country that's the only kind of movie
with Mark Braud oh hi I'm Jimmy Kimmel
give back this holiday season buy my new
book the serious goose I wrote it and
drew it all the money I make goes to
children's hospitals across the country
and if you don't support that you are a
box